Anna Scott is the most famous actress on
earth oh she's great I have loved it I
love her smile I'd say she's the most
beautiful woman on the planet we'll
Thakur is the least successful
shopkeeper in Notting Hill you have any
books by Dickens for a travel bookshop
ah when he sold trouble books about the
new John Grisham thriller that's a novel
too isn't it
they're worlds apart there's something
wrong with this yogurt it's mayonnaise
there we are
but only a moment away from destiny
thanks but
I don't think you'll believe who was
just in it was it someone famous
Hey
probably best not to tell anyone about
this I'll tell myself sometimes but
don't worry I wouldn't believe it
there's this girl but you absolutely
mustn't tell anyone else okay
look Vicky spend all your money make you
suck at toes oh my god
my flatmate hi you have a stunt bottom I
could have a son but man what you put on
your passport profession Mel Gibson's
bottom actually Mel does his own ass
work right Rita Hayworth used to say men
went to bed with a dream they didn't
like it when they woke up with reality
do you feel that no tomorrow there'll be
pictures of you and every newspaper from
here to Timbuktu let's stake oh no your
life they call any time I've tried
anything normal it's just been a
disaster from the creators of Four
Weddings and a funeral comes an unlikely
romance this is a goddess little hands
to mortals who get involved with the
goats between two very different people
the same thing isn't really real you
know
I live in Notting Hill you live in
Beverly Hills everyone in the world
knows who you are I'm also just a girl
standing in front of a boy asking him to
love her you know place called Notting
Hill I wouldn't be outside